# 孩提时的梦想工作
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic

Describe your dream job when you were a child. You should say:

- what job it was
- what you knew about this type of work
- how you heard about this job

and explain why you thought this would be a good job

## Model Answer

Ok, well when I was a child, probably one of my biggest ambitions was to become a professional footballer, which, I should admit, was a bit of a ridiculous dream to have, considering my football skills at the time were by no means great. But still, that’s what I wanted to be, at least until common sense got the better of me!
And as for how I first became interested in a career as a footballer, well, I guess it was mainly because I always used to play football at school with my classmates, and whenever I scored a goal, it always gave me a really great feeling. So I often used to imagine playing in front of thousands of people in a packed-out stadium and scoring the winning goal, and I would play this in my mind over and over again, which is probably also what a lot of other kids my age did as well.
But anyway, the other thing that appealed to me about being a footballer was that I wouldn’t have to do any more academic work, like reading books or writing stuff, which wasn’t my idea of fun at all, so being able to play football as a job, and get paid for it seemed like a really great choice!
Unfortunately, though, even though I practiced a lot, my football skills never really got to the level that they would need to be if I was gonna have any chance of being a professional footballer, so in the end, I reluctantly gave up on the idea, and instead decided to focus on things which were a bit more realistic.
So in the end, it just wasn’t to be, but I’m still very happy with the way things have turned out, as I’ve discovered a lot of other exciting and interesting things which, I can safely say, I’m much more suited to doing!


## My Answer

