# 感兴趣的外国文化
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a foreign culture that you are interested in. 

- what this culture is
- what you know about this culture
- how you learned about this culture

and explain why you feel this culture is interesting.

## Model Answer

Ok, well one of the foreign cultures I’m most interested in at the moment is American culture, so that’s what I’ve decided to talk about.
And as for what I know about it, well if I’m gonna be totally honest with you, I really don’t know that much, mainly because I haven’t yet been to the States, so I’m no expert in any sense of the word, but one thing I think is fair to say is that Americans really love sports, especially basketball and baseball. And I’ve also heard that, apparently, universities in America offer a lot of sports scholarships, so I think this goes to show that being good at sport is pretty highly-regarded over there, and is a strong part of their culture.
So that’s one thing, and I think I’m also right in saying that rap and hip hop are very popular kinds of music in the States, because I’ve noticed that in a lot of Hollywood films I’ve watched, this type of music seems to appear quite a lot, although I have to admit that I find it really difficult to understand what exactly is being said or sung in the songs!
But anyway, with regard to why I find the American culture interesting, well firstly, I guess one reason would be that it’s completely different to our culture over here, and that’s kind of what makes it so appealing to know more about. I mean, just to give you one example, the way food’s cooked in America, on the whole, is a lot different to here, as over there they tend to use an oven for most of their cooking, whereas here in China, we tend to fry most of our food. And as well as this, I think another thing that makes the American culture interesting is the fact that it encompasses so many things that I wasn’t aware of before, so learning about it has really broadened my mind.
And this, I would say, is the beauty of learning other cultures, because for me at least, making an effort to understand a little bit about U.S. culture has definitely given me a wider perspective on life.
So yeah, that’s pretty much all I’ve got to say, so thanks for listening.


## My Answer

