# 传你技艺的人
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a person who taught you a useful skill. You should say:

- who this person is
- what you learned from them
- why they taught you this

and explain how you felt about learning from this person
## Model Answer
Ok, well after a bit of thought, the person I’ve decided I’d like to talk about is my grandad, who I learned an incredible amount from, but as the topic only asks us to make reference to one particular skill, I think the one I’ll highlight is being able to invest wisely in the stock market.

And as for why he taught me this, well firstly, it was because my grandad understood the importance of investing, as he would always say that it’s much better having your money work for you rather than you working for money! So that’s one thing, and I should also mention the fact that he used to really love playing the stock market. In fact, I think I would go so far as saying it was probably what he spent most of his time doing, partly, I suppose, because it kept his mind active, but more importantly because he saw it as a way of helping the family. In other words, he wanted to invest his pension so as to increase the inheritance that he would eventually pass down to us, which was very considerate of him, as was so many other things he’s done for me and the rest of my family.

Oh, and I suppose one other reason for him teaching me about the stock market is that he was aware that at school, we weren’t really taught about money or investing, so he must have realized that this was something that he was in a good position to teach me about.

But anyway, as for how I felt about learning all this from my grandad, well obviously, I was really grateful to him for taking the time to teach me and share all his knowledge of the stock market, such as what to look for in a company before investing in it.

And because of this, I’m happy to say that I’ve been pretty successful, up to now, at picking good shares, and this is a skill I’ll be able to use for the rest of my life. So I feel super lucky, and will make sure I pass the same knowledge onto my own children and grandchildren!
## My Answer

