# 所学的有趣科目
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a subject that you studied that you thought was interesting. You should say:

- what the subject was
- what your teacher was like
- how long you studied this subject

and explain why you thought it was interesting.
## Model Answer
Ok then, well the subject I’d like to talk about is Economics, because it was one of the few classes that I actually enjoyed, and this was in no small part due to the fact that we had a really great teacher for it.

And as for what makes me say that, well first of all, he had a knack of being able to make all of his classes really interesting, and he did this by always asking us questions and getting us to think deeply about all kinds of things related to Economics. So for example, he would often start class by telling us a story that was in some way connected to what we would be going through that day, after which he would then ask us how we thought the story ended, and this really kind of helped arouse our curiosity in the subject.

So that’s one thing, and another thing I liked about him was the fact that he seemed to take a genuine interest in all of us, and I could see this in the way he spoke and listened, because you know, it’s pretty easy to tell whether or not a teacher really cares about teaching, and with him I could tell straight away that he enjoyed teaching us and had our best interests at heart.

But anyway, as for how long I studied Economics for, well basically, it was for two years during high school, so it wasn’t really for all that long, which was a bit of a pity, because as I mentioned earlier, I really enjoyed the classes. And one more thing to mention about them, which I don’t think I’ve said yet, is that we hardly ever went through the text book, which was such a refreshing change from all the other classes I had. So instead, our teacher, who was called Mr. Guise, by the way, would give us things like newspaper clippings or magazine articles to read and discuss, and by doing this, we came to realize just how significant a role Economics played in our lives. So as you can imagine, this made the classes so much more fun than they otherwise would have been if we’d just ploughed through the text book, and I’m very grateful to Mr. Guise for this.
## My Answer

