# 健康生活的人
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a person you know who has a healthy lifestyle. You should say:

- who he /she is
- how you know this person
- what sort of person he/she is

and explain why you think he/she has a healthy lifestyle
## Model Answer
Ok then, well, as soon as I saw this topic, I immediately thought of my nextdoor neighbour, who I have to say, must be one of the healthiest people I know, as I'll shortly explain, so he's the person I'm gonna talk about.

And as for how I know him, well, if my memory serves me correctly, the first time we met was actually in the lift of our apartment block, because I had just been taking my dogs out for a walk, and by the looks of it, he had just got back from a run, cos he was in a tracksuit and was sweating a little bit. And when he saw my dogs his face lit up, so he asked if he could stroke them, and that's basically how we got to know each other.

Anyway, moving on to what sort of person he is, well, to put it simply, I'd say that he's a really sociable and friendly guy, which you can probably tell from the example I gave just now of how we met. But the main reason for saying this is that he often invites me, as well as other friends of his, over to his flat for lunch or dinner, which is really nice of him, especially considering the fact that I've never invited him for a meal before, mainly because I'm hopeless at cooking. So I kind of feel a bit guilty about that, even though he keeps telling me not to worry about it, and that also just goes to show what a nice guy he is.

Anyway, with regard to why I think he has a healthy lifestyle, well I suppose the biggest reason would be that he's a real fitness fanatic, you know, he goes for a run literally every morning, rain or shine, and I know this because, on more than one occasion, I've looked out of my living room window and seen him running in the pouring rain, which to me is kind of crazy, but to him it's just normal.

And finally I should also mention the fact that he looks much younger than he really is. You know, I couldn't believe it when he told me how old he was, because I originally thought he was in his early forties or something, but he's actually over fifty, and when I asked him what his secret was for looking so young, he simply said that he always made sure to get at least eight hours of sleep a day. So ever since he told me that, I've tried to develop the same habit myself, although to be honest with you, I'm not succeeding too well so far.
## My Answer

