# 喜欢去的商店
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a shop you like to go to.

- what shop it is
- what it sells (or, what you usually buy there)
- when you first started going to this shop (or, how you came to know about this shop) 

and explain why you like (to go to) this shop.

## Model Answer
Well, it took me a few moments to decide on which shop to talk about, because I actually like going to quite a number of different shops around my hometown, but possibly my favourite is H&M, so that's the one I'm gonna describe.
Firstly then, with regard to what it sells, well I'm not sure if you're familiar with H&M, but it's basically a mid-end clothes shop which sells a variety of women's and men's clothing, mostly geared towards young adults like myself. And as well as clothing, the shop also has a small accessories section for women, with things like hair bands, bracelets and earrings, but the main focus is definitely on clothes.
Anyway, as for when I first started going to this shop, well to be totally honest with you, I'm really not that sure, but off the top of my head, I guess I must have first started shopping there two or three years ago, round about the time I was in high school, because I seem to vaguely remember one of my high-school classmates telling me about it, and how good it was.
So that's kind of how I got to know about H&M, and finally, regarding why I like shopping there, well I suppose it's really a combination of reasons, one of which would be that the clothes there, on the whole, tend to be quite fashionable and trendy, unlike the stuff I see in many other shops, and the clothes are pretty simple in style, which is exactly what I like. So that's one thing, and I guess another reason would be that everything there is really good-value, and just to give you an example, a decent pair of jeans there costs around three hundred yuan, whereas a similar pair at another shop would probably set you back a thousand yuan or so, and in terms of quality, well, there's really not that much difference between H&M's clothes and the higher-end brands, but you're paying considerably less.
So yeah, I would say these are, more or less, the main reasons why I like shopping there, and I would probably go so far as saying it's become one of the most popular clothes shops here in my hometown, and I just hope they continue to keep their prices as low as they are!
That's pretty much it then, so thanks for listening.
## My Answer

