# 带来影响的某事
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an experience (or an event) that had an impact on you. You should say:

- what the experience was
- where it happened
- when it happened

and explain the good (and any bad) effects that this experience had on you.
## Model Answer
Ok, well I've been thinking of various experiences I've had over the years, and one which really kind of stands out as impacting me in a big way was a classical music concert I went to when I was about 14 or 15.

With regard to where the concert was held, well in all honesty I can't quite remember the exact name of the concert hall, but I'm pretty sure it was somewhere in central London, as that's where all the best ones are in England.

Anyway, as for when I went to this concert, well as I mentioned earlier, I was about 14 or 15 at the time, so it must have been around 6 or 7 years ago, and I seem to remember that my parents had taken me there as a special treat for finishing my exams, because they knew I liked classical music a lot.

So regarding how the concert affected me, well, one of the pieces performed was Tchaikovsky's 1st Piano Concerto, which I found utterly amazing, you know, I was just completely mesmerized by it!

And what's interesting is that, I was learning the piano at the time, and up until that point, I hadn't really been all that interested in the pieces I played, you know, the main reason I practiced was simply just to please my parents and teacher. However, hearing this concerto really inspired me to become a better pianist, as I hoped that one day I would be able to play the concerto myself!

So you know, as a result, I began practicing for at least a couple of hours a day, and within the space of about two years, my piano playing had improved immeasurably, and to my teacher's delight, I was able to play the first movement before I finished high school.

More importantly, though, I should also mention that this experience didn't just impact me in a musical way, but in virtually everything I do, because it helped me realize that, if I want to succeed in something, the best way is to become inspired. And through inspiration, I will have the motivation to work extremely hard to achieve my goal.

That's about it, so thanks for listening.

## My Answer

