# 想尝试的外国食物
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a foreign food you would like to try. You should say:

- What it is
- Where you can eat it
- How you know about this food

And explain why you would like to try it
## Model Answer
Ok then, I'm going to describe a foreign food I'd like to try, and when I was preparing what to say just now, the first dish that popped into my head was Indian curry, so that's what I've decided to talk about.
As for where you can get this dish, well, apart from obviously going to India to eat it, there are, as far as I know, a number of Indian restaurants dotted around my hometown which serve curry, although for some reason, I haven't got around to going to any yet; maybe it's because there are so many decent restaurants here in Hangzhou!
Anyway, moving on to how I know about this dish, well to be honest with you, I'm not all that sure how I got to know about Indian curry, but I guess it's kind of been a mixture of hearing about it from people, and reading about it in various books and magazines. In fact, I remember reading, only a few weeks ago, a review in the local paper about a recently-opened Indian curry house which apparently does really authentic Indian curry, so I can't wait to check it out sometime!
And finally, if there's still time, with regards to why I would like to try this dish, well thinking about it, I would say that one of the main reasons would be that I haven't actually tried it before, which I admit is a little surprising, seeing as most people my age have probably tried it at some stage or other. And as for other reasons, well I suppose I should also mention the fact that I'm a huge fan of spicy stuff, and if Thai curry is anything to go by, I reckon I would really like the taste of Indian curry, as I'm sure they're not that different.
So yeah, I guess that's pretty much everything there is to say, so thanks very much for listening.
## My Answer

