# 看过的音乐活动
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a musical event you have seen in some place or on TV You should say
- what kind of musical event it was
- how you knew about it
- why you saw it

and explain what you thought of it
## Model Answer
Well, I'm fortunate enough to have been to a number of musical events, but one which really stands out in my memory was a pop concert I went to about a year or so ago here in Hangzhou.

And as for how I knew about the concert, well I honestly can't remember, but what's probably most likely is that I heard about it through one of my friends called Ronnie, who always seems to know what's going on around the city.

Anyway, as to why I decided to go to it, well, to put it simply, it was because one of my favourite popstars, Jolin Cai, was performing, and I had never been to see her live before, so that was basically why.

And finally, regarding what I thought of it, well, in terms of the music, I thought it was a pretty good concert, because each of the popstars performed a good selection of songs, and even though I was sitting quite far back, I could still hear everything really clearly.

So that was one thing, and another thing I liked was the fact that the concert was quite interactive, because there was a host who interviewed each of the popstars when they came up on stage, and at one point, a female star even invited a guy from the crowd to sing a duet with her. Unfortunately though, I didn't know the lyrics of that particular song, so I didn't put my hand up to volunteer.

But what left the deepest impression on me was when one of the singers, called Xie Tingfeng, invited a fan, who was a disabled girl in a wheelchair, onto the stage, and gave her a big hug, which really moved me. And he then took off his jacket and gave it to the girl as a memento, which was also very touching.

So yeah, it was a pretty memorable concert, which I enjoyed very much. Thanks a lot for listening.
## My Answer

