# 参与或观看的体育赛事
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a sports event that you took part in or watched. You should say:
- what the event was
- where it was
- who was competing

what happened during this competition and explain how you felt about this event.
## Model Answer
Ok, well I have to admit that it was quite a while ago since I took part in any sports event, because I'm not really a very sporty person, but I suppose the one that sticks in my memory the most was a sports meeting between my high school and a few others around the area.
And as for where the event was held, well seeing as I think our school had the only proper running track in the city, it was held there, and the event I was competing in was the fifteen hundred metres, basically because no one else in my class wanted to do it, you know, they said it was too far for them, so I ended up volunteering for it.
So anyway, regarding what happened during the competition, well I seem to remember at the start that most of the other competitors sprinted away, which surprised me a little, because it was quite a long distance that we had to run. So it seemed a little strange and even a bit scary seeing them run so fast - maybe it was because of the adrenaline or something. But anyway, I tried to pace myself, and after a while, the other runners started getting slower, so I was able to overtake them, and then on the last lap, I somehow managed to overtake the leader and win the race!
So if I think back to how I felt at that moment, well as you can imagine, I was over the moon, you know, super happy, because I simply had no idea I would win, and what was really great was the fact that loads of my friends and classmates were standing around the track, cheering me on. So yeah, it was a really awesome feeling.
## My Answer

