# 喜欢上的网站
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a useful website that you like to visit.
## Model Answer
(Talking about Taobao...)
Ok, well the first website that came to mind when I saw this topic was Taobao dot com, which (I suppose you could say) is the Chinese equivalent of eBay.com 好的，那么当我看到这个话题的 时候，我第一想到的网站是淘宝网，这个网站应该可以说是相等于(国外的)eBay.com.
There’s a huge range of stuff you can buy on this website.
(“stuff” just means “things”, and is uncountable, so no “s” at the end. It’s used a lot in spoken English)
One of the best things about this website is that the prices are generally a lot cheaper than in the shops.
I mainly go on it to buy things like clothes...
I know that shopping online can be quite risky, because the product often isn’t as good as it looks on the website, but if you do enough research, such as read (through) the customer reviews of the
product you’re thinking of buying, then I think you can avoid this kind of thing happening to you, because you’ll be able to get an idea of (你将能够了解) how reliable the supplier is.
(Talking about www.ted.com )
Ok right then, well (好的，那么) the website I’d like to talk to you about is Ted dot com, which you might (well) have heard of before, and possibly even been on (你可能听说过，也可能上过).
And as for what’s on the website, well to put it simply, it’s basically a huge collection of video speeches by various people from all kinds of fields,
So it’s a really great resource (一个极好的资源) for learning stuff
It’s completely free, you know, it doesn’t cost anything to listen to the talks,
And what’s great about it is that (它很好的一点就是) you can choose Chinese or English subtitles (字幕) for most of the talks, and also download them onto your computer.
I also like to read the comments (评论) written by other people who have watched the talk.
I go on it (probably) something like two or three times a week(我大概每周量、三次上这个网
站) , so pretty much every other day (所以差不多每隔一天)
I’m normally on it while I’m having my lunch (我一般吃午饭的时候在上个网站) because most of
the talks are between about 10 to 20 minutes
As for why I think it’s a good website – well first and foremost , it’s because the (vast) majority of talks are incredibly interesting, at least in my opinion anyway (至少在我看来), so there’s a tremendous amount you can learn from them. (能够从它们学到很多很多!)
...I think it’s wonderful to have a website like this, which brings all these great talks together in one place
...and another good thing about it is that the talks on the website don’t go on for too long (不延 续太久). You know we’ve all listened to speeches which drag on and on(拖延很久), but these ones are (generally) all quite short and to the point(直切主题的).
(Talking about Yahoo)
...what I like about Yahoo is that the news articles are always very short and concise(简明的), you know, not too wordy (文字略嫌罗唆) like a lot of other news websites.
...and another good thing about the articles on Yahoo is that they are generally written in a pretty colloquial (口语的) style, which makes them easy to read.
(Talking about the BBC World Service Website)
...I would say it’s definitely one of the best English learning resources on the web, because you can listen to the radio live for 24 hours a day...
...and as well as this (除此之外), there are loads of other radio programmes you can also listen to. (loads of = lots of – and used mainly in spoken English)
(Talking about Renren website 人人网)
Ok, well the first website that came to mind when I saw this topic was Renren dot com, which (I suppose you could say) is the Chinese equivalent of Facebook.
...it’s basically the Chinese version (版本) of Facebook.
...it’s a social networking site (社交网站)
...you can upload photos onto the website so that your friends can enjoy looking at them.
## My Answer

