# 本国的重要植物
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an important plant in your country. You should say:
- What the plant is
- How you know it
- Why it is important

And explain how much you like the plant.
## Model Answer
Ok then, well after a bit of thought, I’ve decided to talk to you about bamboo. However, I honestly don’t know if I’m gonna be able to talk for two minutes about it, but I’ll give it a try!
So first of all, as for how I know about bamboo, well I can’t really remember exactly how I first got to know about it, you know, it could have been in a biology class at school, or when I was out somewhere with my parents, but my guess would be that I probably first knew about it at primary school, because that was about the time when we first started learning about things like that.
Anyway, moving on to why bamboo is important, well I’d say it’s pretty important for a number of reasons, the main one of which would be that it can be used to make so many different things, you know, such as chopsticks, chopping boards, flooring, what else, um......oh yeah, and musical instruments, like the bamboo flute for example.
And another thing to mention is that bamboo is also used a lot for carrying stuff. For example, what I’ve seen people do is rest it on their shoulders, and then hang things on each end, because as well as being strong, it’s also very flexible, so it won’t break, even with very heavy loads.
So it’s extremely useful, and what’s good about it is that it grows incredibly fast, you know, not like most other trees, and so although a lot of it’s cut down to make stuff, there will still always be an
abundant supply of it here.
But anyway, finally then, as for how much I like bamboo, well I’d say it’s actually probably one of my favourite plants! Because I mean, it kind of just gives me a nice, pleasant feeling whenever I see it. And it’s also a plant which is often associated with China, because we grow so much of it here, so it’s something that kind of reminds me of my own culture, if you know what I mean.
So yeah I guess that’s pretty much it then. Thanks for listening.
## My Answer

