# 想学的第二外语
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe another language (not English) that you would like to learn. You should say:
- What language it would be
- How you would learn it
- What equipment or facilities you would need to study this language

And explain what difficulties you think you would have / why you would choose this language.
## Model Answer
Ok right then, well there are actually quite a few languages that I would like to learn, but probably the one I’d like to learn most is French, partly because I think it sounds really nice, and also because France is a country that I’d really love to visit sometime. And so if was able to speak French, I would then be able to converse with the locals, which I think would give me a much better understanding of the country and also make my time there a lot more interesting and enjoyable.
Anyway, as for how I would learn it, well I guess first of all I would try and find a decent self-study course on the Internet. And as well as that, I suppose another thing I would do would be to look for a teacher, preferably a native speaker if possible, because I would then be able to get feedback on what I was doing right and wrong. And having a native speaker as my teacher I think would be extremely beneficial in terms of developing a good accent.
And regarding what equipment I would need to study French, well thinking about it, I suppose it would be more or less the same as what I’ve been using for learning English, so basically a laptop and mp4 player, with which I would be able to download various things like podcasts and other learning materials onto.
So that’s probably how I would learn the language, and finally, with regard to what difficulties I think I might encounter, well firstly, I imagine I might have quite a bit of difficulty with the pronunciation, as it’s so different to Chinese. I mean, there are so many sounds in French which we don’t have in our language, so I’m sure it would take an extremely long time to speak it well. And besides the pronunciation, I guess it might also be pretty difficult mastering the grammar, simply because every language has its own set of grammar rules, and I’m sure French is no exception!
So yeah, I suppose that’s about it then. Thanks for listening!
Notes:
decent = good
more or less = 差不多
So yeah, I suppose that’s about it then = 所以嗯，差不多就这些吧!
## My Answer

