# 去过的拥挤的地方
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a time you went to a place crowded with people. You should say
- Where it was
- When you went there
- What you did there

And explain why you went there / how you felt about the crowded place.
## Model Answer
Ok, well the first place that came to mind when I saw this topic was the Beijing Metro, because I remember it being unbelievably crowded, so that’s what I’m gonna talk to you about.
And as for when I went there, well it was actually pretty recently, I suppose probably only about two or three weeks ago, so it’s still pretty fresh in my memory.
And regarding what I was doing there, well basically, I was on my way to see a friend who lives in Beijing, and she had told me that by far the best way to get around the city was using the subway, simply because the roads were so congested. So I took her advice, but it was a huge shock when I actually got into the subway station and saw just how many people there were. I mean, I knew that there would be a lot of people, but I never expected to see that many!
Although looking back on it now, I suppose what made it worse was the fact that I was travelling during rush hour, so it was a lot more crowded than I’m sure it would have been during off-peak times. And when I saw how packed the train was when it was pulling into the station, I remember thinking there was no way I was going to be able to get on. But I was in a bit of a hurry, coz I was actually already running late, so I had no choice really but to join the huge queue of people waiting. Anyway, I did somehow manage to make it onto the train, but I was pressed up against people on all sides, so it was pretty uncomfortable to say the least! I mean, it was absolutely heaving, and I literally couldn’t move at all!
Thankfully though, I didn’t have too far to travel, coz if I remember correctly, I was only on the train for about 4 stops. And when I finally got off, I remember feeling incredibly relieved, and also very grateful that I didn’t have to go through the same experience every day.
So yeah, I guess that’s pretty much all there is to say!
Notes:
it’s still pretty fresh in my memory = I can remember it pretty clearly I was in a bit of a hurry = 我有点赶时间了
I was already running late = 我已经晚了
it was absolutely heaving = 急死人了!
So yeah, I guess that’s pretty much all there is to say! = 所以嗯，该说的差不多就这些吧!
## My Answer

