# 家乡的咖啡馆
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a cafe that you know in your hometown. You should say:
- Where it is
- How often you go there
- What kind of food they serve there (or, what service they provide) Who you usually go there with

And explain why you like to eat at this place.
## Model Answer
Ok right then, well the cafe that I’d like to talk to you about is one called Feibi Cafe, which is somewhere in the outskirts of the city, just a few minutes’ walk from where I live.
And as for how often I go there, well I actually go there quite a lot, probably something like once or twice a week. Having said that though, it really kind of depends how busy I am. I mean, there are times when I don’t go for weeks on end because I’m simply too busy with stuff, but normally that’s not the case, and I’m there pretty regularly, as I just mentioned.
Anyway, regarding what kind of things they serve there, well it’s great, because they’ve got a really good selection of both Chinese and Western food, so there’s a lot to choose from. And in terms of drinks, there’salso quite a lot on the menu, especially coffee, which you can probably imagine, what with it being a cafe and all. And I tend to normally always go for the Americano coffee, cos I think they do it really well, and so I’ve never really felt the need to try any of the other drinks on the menu.
But anyway, finally then, moving on to why I like this place so much, well I’d say it’s a combination of reasons, one of which would be that it’s really big and spacious, at least compared to most of the other cafes I’ve been to, so you never have to worry about not finding a place to sit. Although having said that, it can sometimes get pretty busy in the evenings, so I usually tend to go in the morning or afternoon. Anyway, another thing to mention would be that the food and drinks there are pretty good-value. Because I mean, most of the Western food there only costs between about 30 to 50 yuan, which is a lot cheaper than most of the other Western restuarants in the city. And the price of the coffee there is round about the same price as Starbuck’s, which some people might see as expensive, but considering the fact that you’re paying for the environment as well as the drink, I’d say it’s definitely worth it.
Oh and the other thing I really like about it is that you can spend as much time as you want relaxing there,without being bothered by the waiters. And the chairs there are nice and comfy, so it’s actually very easy to spend half the day there using the free wifi or doing whatever.
So yeah, I guess that’s about it!
Notes:
Having said that though = 不过话又说回来
Although having said that = 不过话又说回来
something like = about
normally that's not the case = 一般不说这个样子
go for = choose
what with it being a cafe and all = 毕竟是个咖啡店
round about the same price = 差不多一样价格
considering the fact that = 考虑到
Oh and ...... = 啊对了，......
comfy = comfortable
nice and (adj.) = 如果你对这个事情很满意的话，这个形容词前面可以加一个“nice and..." for example, "the weather's nice and sunny today" / "my bedroom is nice and bright" / "the library is nice and quiet"

## My Answer

