# 不满意的购物
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe something that you bought that you were dissatisfied with. You should say:
- what the item was
- when and where you bought it
- why you bought it

and explain why you were not happy with this product.
## Model Answer
Ok, well I’d actually like to begin by saying that there aren’t really that many things I’ve bought
which I’ve been dissatisfied with, so it was kind of difficult trying to come up with something to talk about. But then I remembered some moisturizing cream I once bought which I wasn’t happy with at all, so that’s what I’m going to talk about.
And as for when I bought it, well if I remember correctly, it must have been about 2 or 3 months ago, some time around the beginning of the summer, and I got it at Watson’s, which I’m sure you’re familiar with, as they have stores all over the place.
Anyway, regarding why I bought it, well basically it was because I use moisturizing cream every day, as my skin tends to go quite dry after washing it, which I guess is normal for most people. So when I saw that I was about to run out of it at home, I went to go and get some more. However, what happened was I couldn’t find the brand that I normally use, so I decided to experiment and try out a new brand.
And with regard to why I wasn’t happy with it, well to put it simply, it was because it hardly did anything. I mean, it seemed to work for the first ten minutes or so, but after that, my skin somehow went dry again, and so I had to put more cream on. Another thing I should mention is the fact that the brand I bought was a pretty high-end one, so it wasn’t cheap by any stretch of the imagination. And compared with the brand I had been using before, the quality turned out to be a lot worse.
So considering the money I had spent, I was expecting a lot better. And because I knew there was no way I would be able to get a refund, I ended up just throwing it away and going back to my old brand.
So yeah, it was a bit of a waste of money, but at least I’ve learnt that if something’s expensive, it by no means guarantees that the quality will be good!
That’s about it then, so thanks for listening.
真实人物的电影
Describe a film about a real person or event that you have watched. You should say:
when you saw this film
what person or event the film was about
what happened in the film
and explain how you felt about this film.
Ok right then, well the film I’ve decided I’d like to talk about is The Pursuit of Happiness, which, if I’m not mistaken, is based on a true story about a guy called Chris Gardner, and as for when I watched it, well it was actually quite a while ago, before I had started university, so I guess it must have been something like five or six years ago. But I still remember it pretty well, because it left a really deep impression on me, as I’ll come to explain in a moment.
Firstly though, regarding what happened in the film, well I’m not sure whether you’ve seen it or
not, but in a nutshell, the storyline basically centred around a guy who, to begin with, was really struggling in life, because he wasn't earning enough money to support his family. So as a result, his wife ended up leaving him, and his landlord kicked him out of his flat because he couldn’t afford to pay the rent, so he basically became homeless and had to live on the streets. Anyway, to cut a long story short, the turning point came when he was given the opportunity to work at an investment bank, where he ended up doing really well, and eventually he became mega rich!
So with regard to how I felt about this film, well, to put it simply, I thought it was really inspiring, because......how can I put it...... it kind of showed that anything is possible, for example how Chris Gardner was able to go from the absolute depths of despair to joy and happiness. In other words, it basically taught me that, no matter what my situation in life might be, there will always be a way to succeed if I put all my heart and effort into something, just as Chris Gardner did.
So in this respect I found it an incredibly powerful film, and would definitely recommend it to anyone.
## My Answer

