# “Part One”

## 1 全新题目

### Dream(全新题目)

Do you remember your dream when you wake up?

Do you like hearing others' dreams?

Do you think dream will affect life?

Do you want to learn more about dreams?

### Toy(全新题目)

What was your favorite toy in childhood?

Should parents buy many toys to their children?

What are the benefits of children playing toys?

What are the disadvantages of children playing toys?

### Mirror(全新题目)

Do you often look in the mirror?

Do you often buy mirrors?

Where do you put mirrors?

Do you think mirrors are a necessary decoration?

### Robots(全新题目)

Are you interested in robots? Why?

Do you like robots to work at your home?

Do you want to take a car which robot is the driver?

Will robots replace human beings in the workplace completely?

## 2 旧题回库

### Work & Study(旧题回库)

Do you work or study?

Do you need to work very hard?

Is the current job very challenging for you?

What do you do after work?

Which school do you study in?

What are the facilities around your school?

What is your major?

Why did you choose the major?

### Hometown(旧题回库)

Which part do you live in china?

Do you like where you live?

Would you like to live in south of china in the future?

Will you go back to your hometown?

### Accommodation(旧题回库)

Do you live in house or apartment?

What can you see out of the window of the place you live?

Please describe your house or apartment.

### Color(旧题回库)

What colors do you like most? Why?

What colors did you like most in childhood?

What colors will you use to decorate your room?

What colors will be the last choice to decorate your room?

### Newspaper & Magazine(旧题回库)

Do you like to read magazines?

Do you prefer to buy or borrow magazines? Why?

Do you prefer to read magazines or newspapers?

What was the first magazine or newspaper that you read?

### Outdoor Activities(旧题回库)

Do you like outdoor activities?

What outdoor activities do you like to learn to do?

Why are outdoor activities important?

What are the benefits of outdoor activities for children?

### Transportation(旧题回库)

Is public transportation in your country convenient?

What are your favorite transportation means?

Why do people like private cars?

What should the government do to encourage people to take public transportation?

### Hats(旧题回库)

Do you like to wear hats?

What kinds of people like to wear hats?

What kinds of hats do you like?

Where do you like to buy hats?

### Families(旧题回库)

How much time do you spend with families?

Who do you resemble most in your family?

Who is the closest family member to you?

### Celebrity(旧题回库)

Do you want to be a celebrity?

What are the benefits of being a celebrity?

What are the disadvantages of being a celebrity?

### Sunny Days(旧题回库)

Do you like sunny days?

What do you like to do on sunny days?

What are the things that you can’t do under intense sunlight?

### Photographs(旧题回库)

What do you do with your photos?

How do you take photos?

Why do people like to take photos?

### Gift(旧题回库)

What do you send toot hers as gifts?

Do you send flowers as gifts?

Do gifts need to be expensive?

## 3 重点老题

### Friend(重点老题)

Do you prefer to have a best friend or several not so close friends?

What do you do after work or study with friends?

What do you like to do with friends? Why?

### Music(重点老题)

Do you like music lessons?

Do you play instruments?

Did you learn instruments?

Did you have any music classes in school?

Do you think it is necessary for children to have music classes?

What do you think of Chinese traditional music?

### Shoes(重点老题)

Do you like shoes?

Will you buy shoes online?

How many pairs of shoes will you buy at one time?

Do you think it is necessary to buy good quality shoes?

Which kinds of shoes do you prefer? Good looking or comfortables ones?

Are people willing to pay for an expensive pair of shoes?

### Indoor Activities(重点老题)

Do you like indoor activities?

Do you prefer outdoor or indoor activities?

What are the benefits of doing indoor activities?

### Swimming(重点老题)

Do you like swimming?How often do you swim?

Do you like to go swimming on holiday?

Should everyone learn swimming? Why?

### Sports(重点老题)

What are the appropriate ways to do sports?

What are the differences between the sports that old people and the ones that young people do?

What kinds of sports do you like?

### Free time(重点老题)

Do you spend your free time at home or outside?

What do you do in free time?

Do you like to spend your free time with families or friends?

### Housework(重点老题)

Do you help to do some housework? What kinds of houseworks?

Did you do housework when you were a child?

Do you think children should do housework?


# “Part Two&Three”

## 1 新题
### 名人(新题)
### Describe a famous person

Who he/she is

What he/she does

And explain why the person is famous.

Is the person famous for a long time in your country?

Who are the wealthy people in your country?

Does money matter a lot to people currently?

### 等待之事(新题)
###Describe an experience when you were waiting for something.

When

Where

Who you were with

And explain how you felt

What are the things that people wait for every day?

Do Chinese people accustomed to waiting?

Are people more patient than they used to be?

Do people become impatient because of the conveniences of modern
life?

### 安静之地(新题)
### Describe a quiet place.

Where it is

How often you visit there

What you do there

And explain there ason why you like or dislike the place.

What are the placesthat are free of noises?

What are the causes of noises?

What are the impactsof noises on people?

### 好服务(新题)
### Describe anexperience on good service in a shop or a restaurant.

When

Where

What

And explain why youthink it was good service.

What are the differences between large shop services and small store
ones?

What do people do when they get bad services?

What are the qualities of being a good restaurant?

### 旧物品(新题)
### Describe an old thing that you often use.

What it is

How often you use it

And explain why you often use it.

What do you think of recycling old things?

What is the value of old things?

What are the functions of museums?

### 旅游胜地(新题)
### Describe a tourist attraction.

Where it is

What people do there

And explain why people like to go there

What are the places that people in your country like to visit?

What are the impacts of tourists on local people?

Will international tourism improve international relationships?

### 与工作学习无关的计划(新题)
### Describe a plan in your life that has nothing to do with your work or study.

What it is

When you have the plan

Who you have told the plan to

And explain why you want to do this.

Do you think people should have plans or just do whatever they like immediately?

Do most people accomplish their plans? Why?

What are the factors that young people will consider when choosing jobs?

What are the impacts of families on people choosing jobs?

What is the impact of salary on doing work?

### 历史重要事件(新题)
### Describe an important event in history.

What it was

When and where it happened

Who took part in the event

And explain why you think it was important.

Do you like history?

Do your parents think learning history is important?

What are the benefits of museums?

Are museums in your country free of charge?

Which way is better for learning history? Through reading books or visiting museums?

Do major cities in your country all have museums?

Will current things be exhibited in future museums?

Can individuals build museums?

How to show life two thousand years ago in the museums?

### 有趣邻居(新题)
### Describe an interesting neighbor.

You should say:

Who the person is

How long do you know the person

And explain the reason why you think the person is interesting

Do people living in small cities know more about their neighbors than people living in big cities?

What are the benefits of having kind neighbors?

Why do neighbors seldom talk to each other nowadays?

How to improve the relationship among neighbors?

### 故乡商店(新题)
### Describe a shop that opens in your hometown.

You should say:

Where it is located exactly

When you visited there

And explain why theshop is popular or unpopular

Do you like to visit large shops or small stores?

What kinds of shopsare popular in your country?

Should the government in your country protect those small stores?

## 2 旧题回库
### 描述一个欢笑时刻(旧题回库)
###Describe a time when something made you laugh

You should say:

what it was

when and where

who was with you

and explain why you remember it

Is comedy popular in China?

Is there any other form of comedy besides the comedy on TV?

What are the differences between comedies in books and those on TV?

Why are comedies used as advertisements?

### 电影(旧题回库)
### Describe your favorite movie

You should say:

when and where you saw it;

what type of film it was;

what the film was about;

and explain why it is your favorite film

How to make a movie?

Is the huge investment in movie a waste?

What films do young and old people like respectively?

Do you like black-and-white films?

### 婚礼(旧题回库)
### Describe a wedding you have been to

You should say:

Where it was

Who you went with

What you saw

and how you felt about the wedding

Do you prefer large or small wedding ceremonies?

What are the attitudes of men and women towards wedding ceremonies?

What is the appropriate age for people to get married?

### 高楼(旧题回库)
### Describe a tall building which you like or dislike

You should say:

what building it was

when you went there

why you went there

and explain why you like or dislike the building

What are the advantages and disadvantages of tall buildings?

What are the impacts of climate on building design?

Why do many like to design their houses?

### 广告(旧题回库)
### Describe an advertisement you have seen recently

You should say:

when and where you saw it;

what was advertised;

what the contents of the advertisements were;

and explain how you felt about it.

Will you buy the products in the advertisements?

What do you think of junk food advertisements?

Where do most advertisements show up?

Do the products themselves tell in the end?

### 昂贵活动(旧题回库)
### Describe an activity that is a little expensive

You should say:

what it is

how much it usually costs

who you usually do it with

and explain why you like to do this activity

What do you think of making great fortune overnight?

What sports are popular in your country?

What do you think of expensive sports?

Why do you think some people like to do these dangerous activities?

Why do you think some people strongly dislike playing sports?

### 网站(旧题回库)
### Describe a website that you often visit.

You should say:

When you found it

What it is about

How often you visit it

And explain why you would like the website.

What are the other websites that you often surf?

What is the appropriate age for the young to surf the Internet?

Which age group likes to surf the Internet most?

Do you think it is better to surf the Internet more often?

### 自驾游(旧题回库)
### Describe a car or motor or bike trip you want to take

You should say:

Where would you like to go

Who are you going with

What will be the difficult part of the trip

Explain why are you interested in do sing

How do people commute to work?

Apart from traffic congestions,what problems might occur if people commute to work at the same time?

Why do people spend more time on commuting?

Is it possible to work at home or avoid peak hours?

Is it beneficial to travel overseas?

Why do people travel long to go to work?

### 不同寻常之事(旧题回库)
### Describe an interesting or unusual thing you did recently (in your free time).

You should say:

what you did

when and where you did it

who you did it with

and explain why you think it was interesting or unusual.

What activities are young people under seventeen banned from doing?

Where did you go to play when you were a child?

Do men have more free time than women do?

Do people have less free time than they used to have?

Do people still do the same activities currently compared with what they did previously?

What do children do in free time?

### 短期工作的国家(旧题回库)
### Describe a foreign country that you would like to work for a short period.

You should say:

when and where

who you want to work with

and explain why you want to work there

What kinds of jobs are appropriate for working overseas for a short period?

What skills are needed to work in international companies?

Is it good for children to work overseas? Why?

### 有趣歌曲(旧题回库)
### Describe an interesting song

You should say:

What kind of song it is

How you found it

What it is about

And explain why it is interesting to you

What are the differences between the songs that old people and young people listen to? Why?

Why do people like to watch talent shows on TV?

What are the differences of the past and the current music?

What are the differences between and live and television concerts?

### 特殊一餐(旧题回库)
### Describe a special meal you have had

You should say:

where you had it

who you had it with

what you ate

and explain it was special for you

Do people eat different things in different seasons?

What can be counted as good services in hotels?

Do young and old people like to try new foods?

How do you think the way we eat will change in the future?

## 3 老题新编
### 外国食物(老题新编)
### Describe a foreign food.

You should say:

Which country

What it is

How popular it is in your country

And explain the reason why you like it or not.

What are the differences of eating habits in various countries?

What do Chinese people like to eat?

Will Chinese try new foods?

Will people try new local foods when they are on a journey?

### 想再看一遍的书(老题新编)
### Describe a book that you want to read again.

You should say:

Where you found it

What it is about

Why you want to read it again.

Why should parents read stories to children?

What do children read in your country?

Does reading become a less common activity because of electronic

products put forward by modern technology?

Will paper books be replaced by electronic ones completely?

### 兴奋活动(老题新编)
### Describe an activity that you feel excited.

You should say:

what it is

how much it usually costs

who you usually do it with

and explain why you like to do this activity

Is it good for people to try new things?

Why do people today love to try dangerous activities?

Why are some people afraid to try new things?

What help do people need when they are trying new things?

### 与孩子共度时光(老题新编)
### Describe an experience when you spent time with a child.

You should say:

What you did

When and you did

And explain how you felt

What are the appropriate ways to teach children?

Are candies a good reward for children?

Is it necessary to receive training courses for young parents?

### 野生动物(老题新编)
### Describe a wild animal that you saw and spent time with.

You should say:

What it looks like

Where you can see it

What it likes to eat or do

Why you like it

What do you think of zoos?

Should visitors feed animals in zoos?

What are the impacts of zoos on children?
