# 昂贵购买物
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe something expensive you bought 

- What it was
- How much was it
- When you bought it

And explain if you are happy with your purchase

## Model Answer

Ok, right then, I’m going to describe something expensive I bought. 

Actually, there are quite a few things I could talk about, but probably one of the purchases I’m most happy with is my sound system. As for how much it cost, well, if my memory serves me correctly, it was somewhere in the region of six to seven thousand Renminbi. 

I know that sounds quite pricey for a sound system, but I’m a huge music fan and so I wanted to get a relatively decent one. Regarding when I bought it, well to be honest with you, I can’t remember exactly, but I guess it must have been about two or three years ago, not long after I’d moved into a new flat, and I remember thinking that it was a good time to clear out some of my old stuff and get a few new things, like some new speakers! 

And finally, with regard to if I’m happy with my purchase, well basically, yeah, I’m super happy with it, the main reason being that the sound quality is incredible, and whenever I listen to music at home now, it sounds like it’s being performed live. 

So now I actually listen to music a lot more than when I used to, and thankfully so far I’ve had no complaints from the neighbours! Oh and I nearly forgot, the other good thing about it is that it’s great for watching films, because the sound quality is so clear and crisp, almost cinema-quality! So I would say it was definitely worth the money! 

Ok, I think I’ve covered pretty much everything, so thanks for listening.

## My Answer

