# 未来想拥有的车
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic

Describe a car or vehicle you would like to have in the future You should say:
- Which will you choose
- What it will look like
- How much it will cost

And explain why you'd like to buy it.

## Model Answer

Ok, I’m going to describe a car I would like to have in the future. Well we’re spoilt for choice nowadays with the huge range of cars and vehicles on the market, but one car that appeals to me a lot is an SUV. And as for what it will look like, well, thinking about it, I wouldn’t want it to be too flashy, as it might draw unwanted attention, so I’d rather go for something relatively low-key. So this being the case, I would choose a plain and simple colour like white, because although it’s one of the most common car colours, I still reckon it looks the best, as long as the car is kept clean! Going on to my next point, then, which is regarding how much it will cost, well, to be honest with you, I’m not really that sure as I haven’t done any research, but I guess the price range of a mid- end SUV would be somewhere between three hundred and four hundred thousand renminbi, so
it won’t be cheap, but hopefully by the time I need one I’ll have sufficient funds to get one! Finally, if there’s time, with regard to why I’d choose an SUV over other cars, well, to put it simply, I reckon SUVs are among the safest cars on the road, and the reason for saying that it is because you are sitting higher up, so on the off chance you collide with another car, you’re less likely to get injured than if you were sitting in a normal car. And just one final thing to add would be that I would definitely make sure the car is equipped with ESC, which stands for electronic stability control, which means that if you make a sudden turn to avoid something, your car will automatically remain in control. So this, for me, would be essential, as the traffic in China is pretty chaotic, as I’m sure you know! Ok, I think that’s pretty much everything, so thanks a lot for listening.

## My Answer

