# 爱冒险的人
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an adventurous person you know.

- Who the person is
- How you know the person
- why you think this person is adventurous

And explain if you can learn anything from this person
## Model Answer

Ok, I’m going to describe an adventurous person I know. Well, if I’m gonna be totally honest with you, I don’t really know that many adventurous people, so I’ve had to rack my brains a little to think of someone, and one person that came to mind is a guy called Tom, who’s in his late fifties right now, but lives life as if he was in his early twenties.

As for how I know him, well basically, he used to be a colleague of my dad’s, and since they were also good friends, we would often invite him over for lunch or dinner at weekends.

And regarding why I think he’s adventurous, well, I suppose there are quite a number of reasons, one of which would be that he’s not afraid to take risks, because after he left my dad’s company, he went on to start up his own company, even though he didn’t have that much experience. Unfortunately, it didn’t do too well, but that didn’t stop him from trying again in another industry!

So that would be on the work front, and when it comes to travelling, he always likes going to places which are off the beaten track, because he finds them more interesting, and he will never go on holiday to the same place twice!

So finally, with regard to whether or not I can learn anything from him, well, thinking about it,

I’d say there are a number of things, for example, he’s a guy that lives life to the fullest, and from looking at the things he’s done, I’ve kind of seen how to really enjoy life and live every day as if it were my last. Finally, I would add that Tom has not been afraid to try anything new, no matter how old he was, a prime example being that he started to learn windsurfing, which is a very physical sport, when he was in his mid-forties. So that’s taught me that age should not hold you back in anything, and if you want to try something new, then just go for it. As the old saying goes, "variety is the spice of life".

Ok, I think I’ve covered pretty much everything, so thanks for listening.

## My Answer

