# 爱看的报刊杂志
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic

Describe a magazine or newspaper that you like to read. You should say:
- what magazine or newspaper it is
- what the magazine or newspaper is about how often you read it
- and explain why you like to read it.

## Model Answer

Ok then, I'm going to describe a newspaper that I like reading, and it's actually one of Hangzhou's local papers called the Morning Express. The reason I started reading this particular paper is basically because it came free with my digital TV subscription, so it would be a bit of a waste if I didn't read it!
Anyway, as for what the newspaper is about, well, it actually covers quite a range of news, such as current affairs, business, sports, local and national news, you name it! But I'd say it essentially focuses on regional news, because after all, it is just a local paper, which, as far as I know, is only circulated in and around Hangzhou.
And with regard to how often I read it, well, I guess pretty much every day actually, although to be precise, I hardly ever read it in its entirety, as it would be far too time-consuming, especially as I'm not that fast a reader, so I normally just flick through and read only the interesting-looking articles.
So finally, as to why I like this paper, well first of all, I would say it's really informative, and it helps me keep up-to-date with what's going on around me, otherwise I wouldn't have much of a clue, to be honest with you! And I guess another thing worth mentioning is that the newspaper is generally very well-written, because the articles, on the whole, are concise and not too wordy, unlike many other newspapers I've read in the past!
Ok, I think that's just about everything, so thanks very much for listening.


## My Answer

