# 近期的快事
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a recent happy event. You should say:

- what the event was
- when and where it happened 
- what you saw or did

and explain why this event was so enjoyable
## Model Answer

Ok then, I'm going to describe a recent happy occasion. And I should firstly say that I'm quite lucky to have been to a number of enjoyable events recently, but if I had to choose one to talk to you about, then I would say my best friend’s birthday party, as this is probably the freshest in my memory.
So, as for when and where the party happened, well, I guess it must have been around one or two months ago, and my friend had invited a load of us to his favourite hotpot restaurant, the name of which has escaped me, but it was in some nondescript shopping mall in the city centre.
And regarding what we did that evening, well, first of all, we had a big hotpot dinner which seemed to go on forever, coz my friend has a huge appetite, and he kept on ordering dishes like there was no tomorrow! Anyway, we finally finished dinner at around 9-ish, and then after that, we all headed to KTV. The funny thing was, though, that most of his friends didn't actually sing anything, coz they were more interested in playing drinking games with each other. And by the end of the evening, I think we had got through something like 50 or 60 bottles of beer, which was quite impressive seeing as there were only about 7 or 8 of us!
And finally, as to why I enjoyed the occasion, well, I would say the main reason would be that it was great to spend a night out with my best friend, because I don't really see him all that often, and we were able to catch up on a lot of things. So that's one reason, and another would simply be that everyone was in really good spirits, you know, like cracking jokes and telling funny stories, so we all basically had a really great time.
So yeah, that's about everything. Thanks very much for listening.

### Notes:
1. the name of which has escaped me - 名字我记不住了
2. nondescript - 无明显特征的、难以形容的
3. everyone was in really good spirits - everyone was in a good mood

## My Answer

