# 近期想遇见的新闻人物
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe someone who has recently been in the news who you would like to meet. You should say:

- who this person is
- how you know about this person
- why this person has been in the news

and explain why you would like to meet them.
## Model Answer

Ok, right then, I'm going to describe someone who has recently been in the news who I would like to meet. Well, after thinking about it just now, I've decided I would like to talk about Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple.
And as for how I know about him, well I think it's probably fair to say that he must be one of the world’s most famous and successful entrepreneurs, so it would actually be kind of hard not to know about him! You know, even here in China, he's incredibly well-known, mainly due to the fact that Apple's products, like the iPhone and iPad, are super popular here.
So going on to why he has been in the news, well as I'm sure you may have heard, he recently announced that he was stepping down as Apple's CEO, the reason being that he felt he was no longer able to fulfill the duties and expectations of being CEO. So it will be interesting to see how
Apple does without him, as he has, without doubt, been the main driving force and mastermind behind the company’s success.
But anyway, with regards to why I would like to meet Steve Jobs, well to put it simply, I reckon I would be able to learn a tremendous amount from him, and in so doing, hopefully emulate him in some way.
I should also mention the fact that, not long ago, I read a biography about him, which gave a lot of insights into how he started and grew Apple, and after reading about all the various challenges he has had to overcome, in his personal life as well as business, my admiration for him has increased considerably, and so if I was given an opportunity to meet anyone, then he would be right up at the top of my list!
Thanks for listening.

## My Answer

