# 家中常用的家具
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an item of furniture in your house that you often use. You should say:

- what it is
- where it is
- what it looks like

and explain how or why you use it.
## Model Answer

Ok, well the piece of furniture I’ve decided to talk about is my L-shaped sofa, which I know is not
the most interesting thing in the world to talk about, but neither is the rest of my furniture at home, and so seeing as I use it a lot, I thought it would be a suitable thing to describe for this topic.
So, as for whereabouts it is in my home, well, as you probably might be able to guess, it’s in my living room against one of the walls, and obviously it’s facing the TV, but I also positioned it to face our windows, which overlook the Qiantang River, so you get a nice view of it when you’re sitting down.
And, regarding what the sofa looks like, well first of all, as I mentioned just now, it’s an L-shaped one, which, I might add, is by far my favourite kind of sofa as I reckon this style is definitely the most practical. So, for example, it’s nice and big, and I’d say it probably seats around 8 or 9 people, which is helped by the fact that there are no armrests, which in my view, are a complete waste of space. So it’s great for when we have friends over, because it means we can all sit together.
And as for the colour, well, I suppose the best way to describe it would be a kind of brownish, chestnutty colour, and the reason I chose this particular colour was partly because it goes well with all the other furniture in the living room, which is a similar colour, and also because chestnut’s quite a warm and natural colour, if you know what I mean. So it kind of helps give the room a nice, cozy feel, I think.
Anyway, finally with regard to why I use my sofa, well, I would say the main thing to mention here is the fact that it’s really nice and soft, and I mean, seriously comfortable! So whenever I feel like relaxing and putting my feet up, which is pretty much every evening, I’ll head straight to the sofa!
So yeah, I guess that’s about all there is to say, so thanks for listening.

## My Answer

