# 参观过的历史建筑
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a historic building that you have visited. 

- where it was
- what people were doing there
- why you went there

and explain how you felt about this building.
## Model Answer

Ok, well, the building I’ve decided to talk about is the former residence of a Chinese poet, who I think was called Sha Menghai or something like that, and although it’s not really that well-known a building, the reason I’ve chosen to describe it rather than any of the other old places I’ve been to is that I’m pretty sure you won’t have heard any other students talking about this one, so it should hopefully be a bit more interesting for you!
Anyway, I suppose it must have been about 7 or 8 years ago when I went there, so it was quite a while ago, and as for why I visited it, well if I’m gonna be totally honest with you, I wasn’t actually
all that keen on going, because at that time I had absolutely no interest in history or poetry, so it wasn’t my idea of fun at all, you know, I would much rather have been at home watching TV! But my parents thought it would be a good idea to take me there, as they said it would help me understand more about Chinese culture and also what life used to be like when they were children. And as well as this, I think they may have also secretly hoped that going there might spark my interest in poetry or calligraphy.
But anyway, as for what people were doing there, well, there wasn’t really that much to see, apart from the calligraphy and photographs which were hanging up on the walls. So people were mainly just walking around the house looking at the various things on the walls and reading the captions which, I have to admit, I didn’t bother doing myself, as I wasn’t the least bit interested in any of it. I guess I was just too young to really appreciate it.
And with regard to how I felt about the building itself, well if truth be told, it wasn’t really all that impressive, because it was basically just a small two-storey house with a little garden running around it. So it probably looked pretty much what most other houses would have looked like 50 years ago. But then again I guess it wasn’t meant to look that impressive, because the whole point of preserving the house was to commemorate the life of the poet, so the focus was on him rather than the building itself.

## My Answer

