# 收获的恭喜
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a time when you received congratulations from others. You should say:

- what the situation was
- who congratulated you
- why you were congratulated and explain how you felt.
## Model Answer
Ok, well I think a good time to talk about would be the day when I got the results of my university entrance exams, which was about two or three years ago.
And I remember feeling super nervous that day, because a lot hinged on the results. So for example, if I got the grades I needed, I would be able to go to the university of my choice, whereas if I did badly, then not only would I not get into a good unveristy, I also wouldn’t even be able to study the major I wanted. So when the letter with the results came through the post, my hands were shaking so much I could barely open it. And when I did finally get it open, I had to ask my dad to read it for me, cos I was too much of a nervous wreck myself!
So anyway, when I saw my dad’s reaction, I knew I must have done quite well, because his eyes really lit up when he looked at the letter, and he had a huge, great big smile on his face, which stretched, literally, from ear to ear! And after my parents both congratulated me, they made me call up all my relatives and tell them the good news. So I ended up being congratulated by pretty
much my whole family, which was a bit embarrassing, to say the least, as I would rather have been a little bit more low-key about it, but anyway, that’s the way it was.
And finally, regarding how I felt that day, well, if I remember correctly, it was actually a huge relief more than anything, because my parents had been so supportive to me throughout my studies, and so I really didn’t want to let them down. So when they told me how proud they were of me, it felt really great, and it actually made me more determined to do well at university, as I saw how much it meant to them.
## My Answer

