# 家乡某处的改变
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an area of your hometown that has recently changed. You should say:

- what part of your hometown has changed
- what changes have been made
- what caused this change

an explain how you feel about these changes.
## Model Answer

Ok, well my hometown has changed quite a bit in the last few years, which I guess is also probably the case for most other cities in China, and as for which particular area of my hometown I’ll talk about, well, coincidentally, I’d say the part which has undergone the most changes would actually be the district where I live, called Binjiang, which is in the southern outskirts of Hangzhou, so this is the area I’m gonna talk about.

And regarding what changes have happened, well I suppose one of the biggest has been the number of high-rise apartment buildings which have gone up in the area, because not that long ago, this part of the city was pretty derelict, and a lot of it was just wasteland, so hardly any people used to live there. But now, you can see high-rise blocks up all over the place, especially along the riverfront, which is where the most high-end ones are, as you can probably imagine.

And as for what caused this change, well, I’m not sure of the exact reason, but my guess would be that there was hardly any space left in the city centre for building new developments, and seeing as there was so much unused land in Binjiang, it must have been an ideal place to put up more flats. I also imagine that the land prices there would have been a lot lower than other parts of the city, although that’s probably not the case anymore!

Anyway, finally then, with regard to how I feel about these changes, well, thinking about it, I would say that, overall, I’m very happy about it all, the reason being that, because of the increase in the number of people now living in the area, a lot of shops and restaurants have opened up there, so it’s actually become a really nice place to live, and I would probably go as far as saying it’s now one of the most up-and-coming parts of the city.

## My Answer

