# 某人对你的善意举动
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe something kind that someone did for you. You should say:

- who it was
- what they did
- how it helped you

and explain how you felt after they did this.
## Model Answer
Ok then, well what I’m gonna talk about is the time when a friend of mine looked after my pet cat while I was away on holiday.

And as for when this was, well, I suppose it must’ve been about four or five months ago, but I should make it clear that I didn’t actually want to be a burden on any of my friends – you know, originally I simply planned to take my cat to a kennel or pet shop, which is what I did with my two dogs. But the problem was that none of the places I called would take cats, which was pretty frustrating, but anyway, that’s the way it was.

So the only other possibility was to see if someone I knew might be able to look after it for me, and I’m glad to say that, fortunately, a friend, who has two cats herself, said it would be no problem at all for her to do this, so I was super grateful, as I guess you can imagine! What’s more, she didn’t ask for anything in return, although I did make sure to bring her back a small souvenir from where I was on holiday, as a small gift, which was the least I could have done.

Anyway, with regard to how I felt afterwards, when I went to collect my cat, well, as I mentioned just now, I really appreciated all the trouble she had gone to in looking after it every day, for a total of two weeks, which was how long I was away for. And this involved feeding it, of course, as well as cleaning the cat litter box, and making sure the water bowl was topped up frequently, so all in all, it must’ve taken up quite a lot of her time.

It also occurred to me that if my friend hadn’t helped me out with this, then I probably wouldn’t have been able to go on my holiday. So yeah, I was really thankful to her for what she did, and hopefully I’ll have a chance to repay the favour if she ever needs someone to look after her own cats.

## My Answer

