# 熟知的家乡街道
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a street in your hometown that you know well. You should say:

- where it is
- what the main buildings are on that street
- what you usually do on that street

and explain how you feel about this street.
## Model Answer
Well, there are quite a few streets that I could have chosen to talk about, but I reckon probably the most interesting one to describe would be Hefang Street, which is somewhere in the centre of my hometown, about fifteen to twenty minutes' walk from where I live.

And as for what the main buildings are on this street, well, it's kind of hard to say really, because the street is essentially just a long stretch of shops selling various souvenirs, but there are also a handful of restaurants dotted in amongst the shops, most of which are pretty nondescript to be honest with you. However, one building that does stand out is the Chinese medicine shop, which doubles up as a hospital, so I suppose it's probably fair to say that this would be the main building on the street, and there are always floods of people going in and out, apparently because it's meant to be one the best places, if not the best, for Chinese medicine in the whole province, although I've never actually been inside myself.

Anyway, regarding what I usually do on this street, well I guess most of the time I just go there for the street food, because there are a load of stalls which do really good food, such as barbecued squid, lamb kebabs, uh...what else.....oh yeah, chicken wings and also chicken drumsticks. So that's basically what I mainly go there for, and it's actually making me feel quite hungry just to think of it!

But getting back to the topic, with regard to how I feel about this street, well, on the whole I would say it's a really cool street, firstly because it's pedestrianized, so there's a lot of space to walk around without having to worry about getting hit by a car! Also, most of the buildings seem to be quite old, which gives the street a nice, traditional feel.

But saying that, though, it can sometimes feel a little touristy, especially on weekends when you'll see people walking around with cameras dangling around their necks, and I guess because of this, the things sold in the shops there tend to be quite pricey. For example, a pack of postcards will probably set you back about 30 yuan or so, whereas if you went to one of the bookshops in the city, it would probably only cost about 10 yuan. But anyway, all in all I would say it's a really great street, and I feel lucky that we have such a place in our hometown.
## My Answer

