# 最喜欢的家庭照
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe one of your favourite family photographs. You should say:

- who took the photo
- when it was taken
- where it was taken

and explain why you like it.
## Model Answer
Well, like most people, I have absolutely heaps of family photographs, most of which I really like, so it was kind of difficult deciding on which one to talk about. But after a bit of thought, I've decided a good one to describe would be a picture of my brother and myself, together with two of our cousins, which was taken during a weekend trip we went on to Suzhou.
And as for who took the photo, well in actual fact, it was just some random passerby, because we all wanted to be in the photo together. So we just asked the first person who walked by to take it for us. And fortunately, the person we asked turned out to be pretty good at taking photos, so I guess we struck lucky.
Anyway, with regard to when this photo was taken, well to be completely honest with you, I can't remember exactly, but off the top of my head I guess it must have been something like four or five years ago, because it was round about the time I had just finished high school, and I remember thinking that it would be nice to do a bit a travelling around before starting university.
So finally then, moving on to why I like this photo so much, well it's kind of hard to pinpoint an exact reason, but I suppose it's partly because we hardly ever go on trips together with our cousins, so it's really nice to have a picture of us all on holiday. And probably what makes this photo especially nice is that everyone looks really natural in it. So in other words, no one's putting on a fake smile or anything, which goes to show that we were all really enjoying ourselves. I should also add that I'm generally not very photogenic, but in this particular photo I actually don't look too bad, so that would be another reason why I like it!
Ok, I guess that pretty much covers everything, so thanks a lot for listening.
## My Answer

