# 积极人生改变
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a positive change that you have made to your life. You should say:
- what the change was
- when it happened
- where it happened

and explain how you have benefited from this change
## Model Answer
Ok, well the positive change which I would like to tell you about was actually a pretty simple one, but it's improved my life a great deal, and basically all it was, was getting up an hour earlier every day.
The reason I started doing it was because it got to the point where my whole day was taken up with various stuff, like classes and homework, and I found that I hardly had any free time left. So I kind of realized that the only way to make more time for myself was to get up earlier, and so that's what I decided to do. It wasn't easy at first, especially when it was cold, but thankfully it got a lot easier, and now I find it no effort at all getting out of bed at five in the morning,
Anyway, as for when I first started doing this, well, I guess it must have probably been about two or three years ago, round about the time I was busy preparing for my university entrance exams, and I was getting up at something like five or six every morning to revise. And after my exams finished, I remember thinking to myself, wouldn't it be good to continue getting up early and have all this extra time to do things at the beginning of the day.
So that's pretty much how it all started, and finally, with regard to how I've benefited from this change, well to put it simply, I'd say I've benefited immensely, in more ways than one. For example, it's given me time to do a bit of exercise every day, which I didn't use to have time for. So now I've become a lot fitter. And as well as this, I also now have the time to eat a proper breakfast every day, instead of skipping it, like I used to do, so I've basically become much healthier as a result.
That's more or less everything, I guess, so thanks very much for listening.
Notes:
it got to the point where... - 到了...的地步
taken up - 被占据
I find it no effort at all - 我现在觉得一点都不费劲
## My Answer

