# 参加的婚礼
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a wedding you attended. You should say:

- whose wedding it was
- who was there
- where it was

and explain how you felt at this wedding.

## Model Answer
Ok, well I've actually been to quite a few weddings, so it was kind of difficult choosing which one to describe, but I guess probably the easiest for me to talk about would be the most recent one I went to, which was that of a neighbour of mine.
And, as for who was there, well, I couldn't tell you everyone, because there were absolutely loads of people, you know, the hall was pretty packed, so my guess would be that there were probably something like 250 to 300 guests. And if I'm not mistaken, it seemed to be that the majority were friends and relatives of the bride and groom, although I also noticed that they had invited quite a few of their colleagues from work as well. For example, one of them, who I think was her boss, went up on stage to make a speech at some point.
Anyway, with regard to where the wedding was held, well, it was actually in a small city called Zhuji, which is about an hour's drive just to the south east of Hangzhou, because that's where the bride comes from. And it was held in a hotel there. I can’t remember the name of it I’m afraid, but it was a really nice hotel, and probably one of the best in the city.
So regarding how I felt at the wedding, well, to put it simply, it was a really wonderful wedding, and there were some parts of it that moved me quite a lot, such as when the bride broke down in tears when she was on stage thanking her parents for all the support they had given her. It was also really clear to see how much the bride and groom loved each other, as they couldn't take their eyes off each other the whole evening. So I was really happy for them and was glad that I made it to their wedding.
That's pretty much it, I think, so thanks a lot for listening.
Notes:
there were absolutely loads of people - 人好多好多! Packed = very crowded
## My Answer

