# 受邀参加的特殊一餐
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a special meal you were invited to. You should say:
- When and where you were invited
- Who invited you
- What you ate

And explain how you felt about the meal.
## Model Answer
Ok then, well I’m actually quite lucky in the fact that I’ve been invited to quite a number of special meals, and the one I’ve decided to talk to you about was a farewell dinner of a good friend of mine, because he was about to go off to Canada for a few years to start university there, so he invited a few of his close friends for a farewell dinner before heading off.
And one of the reasons I’ve chosen to talk about this meal instead of some of the others I’ve been to is simply that it’s still quite fresh in my memory. You know, it was only about a couple of weeks ago when it happened.And as for where we had the meal, well I can’t remember the exact name of the place, but it was quite a posh restaurant somewhere in the centre of the city, and judging from how nice it looked when I walked in, it seemed to be a pretty expensive place to dine. So I was kind of relieved that it wouldn’t be me footing the bill!And we also had our own separate room, which was nice, and probably just as well, seeing as we made quite a bit of noise during the meal, what with all the laughing and stuff going on.
Anyway regarding what we ate, well I couldn’t tell you every single dish that we had, because there was just so much, you know, the whole table was literally covered with food. I mean, there was
crab, chicken, duck,what else, um,......oh yeah, shrimps, and, uh.....oh and a whole load of different vegetables. So by the end of it, I was absolutely stuffed. You know, we all ate masses, because the food was so good, and it would have been a bit of a pity to see it go to waste!
But anyway, finally then, with regard to how I felt about the meal, well to put it simply, I really enjoyed it. Because as well as the food, which was fantastic, I really enjoyed everyone’s company. You know, it was great being together with so many good friends, many of which I hadn’t seen in quite a while.
So yeah, all in all, it was a really special evening, and I’m extremely grateful to have been invited, and also very grateful to my friend for his generosity, as the bill must have come to quite a lot, I’m sure!
Notes:
Ok then = Ok, (I’m ready to begin). You can also say, “Ok right then” or “Ok then”
I’m actually quite lucky in the fact that I’ve been invited to quite a number of special meals = 我其 实很幸运因为我很多次被邀请参加特殊晚餐 (or something like that!)
it’s still quite fresh in my memory = I can remember it pretty clearly
posh restaurant = 豪华饭店
it was just as well = 幸亏如此
quite a bit of = quite a lot of
foot the bill = pay the bill (买单)
by the end of it = 到最后
I was absolutely stuffed = 我撑死了!
(you can use "absolutely" before extreme adjectives for emphasis,for example: "the show was absolutelyamazing"! 演出太精彩了!/I'mabsolutelystarving! 我饿死了!butyoucan'tsay"I'm absolutely hungry", as "hungry" isn't a strong enough adjective.)
we all ate masses = 我们都吃了好多
So yeah = 所以嗯 (often used at the beginning of the final sentence when you are finishing your talk/answer)
Quite a while = quite a long time
as the bill must have come to quite a lot = the bill must have been expensive
## My Answer

