# 听过的印象深刻的讲话
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe an interesting (and impressive) talk (or speech) that you heard. You should say:
Who gave the talk
What the talk was about
Where you heard it
And explain why the talk was interesting / what you learned from the talk.

## Model Answer
Ok right then, well to be honest, there aren’t really that many speeches I’ve heard which I can
remember in much detail, you know, I tend to forget most talks pretty much as soon as I’ve finished listening to them! Butone talk that did leave a particularly deep impression on me was by Li Kaifu, who I’m not sure if you’ve heard of before, but he’s one of the most accomplished and respected people here in China, which is why I made the effort to listen to what he had to say.
And I listened to his speech at home on my computer, because I haven’t been fortunate enough to hear him speaking live yet, so I basically just found an mp3 recording on Baidu, which I then downloaded onto my computer and listened to.
But anyway, as for what his speech was about, well it was quite a while ago when I heard it, so I can only remember bits of it, but in a nutshell, it was basically about success and how we can go about achieving it. And so in his speech, he outlined a few things that we can do if we want to lead a successful and fulfilling life, which most of us do of course!
So for example, one thing he touched upon was how we should all follow our dreams, instead of simply doing what other people expect of us. And hearing this from Li Kaifu himself really made me believe in the truth of that statement, because he’s speaking from experience. And he also went on to explain that many other successful people also attribute their success to the fact that they pursued their dreams.
But anyway, finally, with regard to what I thought of the talk, well to put it simply, I thought it was really informative and so I was able to learn a tremendous amount from it, such as, you know, how to be successful in what we do, and also what values we should live our lives by.
What else?......um......Oh yeah, and another thing that made his talk especially interesting was the fact thathe used a lot of stories. So I mean, even though his talk went on for over an hour or so, I didn’t feel bored at all listening to it, and in fact I even made a mental note that, if I ever have to do any public speaking myself in the future, I’ll also try to include a few stories, like Li Kaifu did.
So yeah, that’s pretty much everything I can remember about it. Thanks for listening!
Notes:
Ok right then = Ok (I'm ready to begin)
I haven’t been fortunate enough to = 我还没有.....的福气
How we can go about achieving it...... = 我们怎样去做才能做得到
He outlined...... = 他概述了......
Touch upon = 提到
They attribute their success to the fact that ...... = 将他们的成功归因于...... Informative = 增进知识的
His talk went on for over an hour = 他的演讲延续了一个多小时
......or so = 左右
What else?...Oh yeah, = 还有什么?......啊对了.....(这话是自言自语的)
I made a mental note = 我在心中记下
So yeah = 所以嗯
that’s pretty much everything I can remember about it = 我能记得差不多就这些!
## My Answer

