# 认识的居要职的人
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a person you know who has an important job. You should say:
- Who the person is
- Where the person works
- What the person does in the job

And explain why you think the person’s job is important.
## Model Answer
Ok, well it was actually quite difficult choosing who to talk about, because I mean if you think about it, everyone’s job is important in some way or other. But in the end I’ve decided to talk about an uncle of mine who’s a doctor. And I apologise if you’ve already heard a lot of other examinees talking about doctors, but hopefully I can give you a few more insights into the job, based on what I know from my uncle.
So first of all, as for what he actually does in his job, well I’ve never really asked him the specifics of what he gets up to every day, but in a nutshell, he spends most of his time treating patients, which involves firstly finding out what’s wrong with them, and then helping cure them of whatever pain or illness they have. So normally, after examining a patient and listening to what they have to say, my uncle will then give them a prescription for suitable medicine to take, which he told me is extremely difficult to get right every time, even after having over 20 years of experience, due to the fact that the human body is just so complex. And even though my uncle specializes in skin disorders, there are still countless different kinds of various infections and conditions, so it’s not easy at all to give a one hundred percent accurate diagnosis every time, as I’m sure you can understand!
But anyway, regarding why his job’s important, well I think it goes without saying that doctors are extremely important! I mean, if we didn’t have them, most of us wouldn’t have a clue how to make ourselves better, and so we wouldn’t be able to get rid of a lot of illnesses we might have. Of course, for small ailments it wouldn’t be too big a problem, but if you were to come down with something serious, then you would be in quite a bit of trouble if there weren’t any doctors around to help you!
So yeah, I think it’s pretty safe to say that they’re an essential part of our society, and I’m really
grateful todoctors like my uncle who have devoted so much of their time and effort into helping people get rid of their pains and illnesses, and thereby helping them lead happier and more comfortable lives.
Notes:
what he gets up to every day = what he does every day
But anyway = 意味着上面的话不继续将来，谈下面的部分
if you were to come down with something serious = 你如果得了一个严重的病
## My Answer

