# 喜欢玩的游戏
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a game you like playing. You should say
- What it is
- How often you play it
- Who you play it with

And explain why you like this game.
## Model Answer
Ok, well I don’t actually play games that much anymore, so I wasn’t quite sure, at first, what to talk about, but then I remembered a game which I occasionally play on my iPhone, called Fruit Ninja, which I guess you might also have played yourself, because it seems to be really popular at the moment, so that’s what I’m gonna talk to you about.
And as for how often I play it, well at the moment, I don’t really play it that often, probably only a couple of times a week or something. But I should mention that I used to play it a lot more, you know, cos I got quite addicted to it at one stage. I mean, it kind of got to the point where I was playing it whenever I had a few minutes to spare, which was a bit excessive, as I’m sure you’ll agree it’s not the most constructive thing to spend your time doing! So I kind of felt I was wasting a bit too much of my time playing it, and I’m glad to say that I’ve now got out of the habit of playing it so often.
Anyway, regarding who I play it with, well most of the time, I just play it by myself, as it’s a game that only requires one player. I mean, all you basically do in the game is swipe as much fruit as you can in one minute,because you get points for each piece of fruit that you hit. But you also have to avoid swiping the bombs, because they’ll deduct about 10 points from your score if you hit them. So that’s basically all there is to it, and although it’s really simple, it’s actually incredibly addictive, partly because it doesn’t take that long to play.
So what often happens is that, after I’ve finished playing a game, I’ll want to have another go straight away to see if I can get a better score. And I might keep doing this for about half an hour or so, which I know is a complete waste of time, but it’s just so difficult to stop playing it once you’ve started.
Anyway, finally then, as for why I like this game, well it’s actually quite hard to pinpoint an exact reason. I mean, it’s just plain, simple fun. And I think it’s a great game to play when I’m on my own with nothing else to do, like if I’m waiting for a bus or something.
So yeah I guess that’s pretty much it. Thanks for listening!
## My Answer

