# 有特殊意义的歌
[返回目录](README.md)
## Topic
Describe a song that has a special meaning to you. You should say:
- what song it is
- when you first heard it
- what the song is about

and explain why this song has a special meaning to you.
## Model Answer
Ok then, well after thinking about it for a bit just now, I’ve decided that I’d like to talk about a song by the Spice Girls called Mama, which I guess you might possibly know, as it was a really popular song when it first came out.
Anyway, as for when I first heard this song, well it was actually quite a while ago, so I can’t remember exactly, but I suppose it must have been about 5 or 6 years ago, when I was still at middle school.
And regarding what it's about, well, in a nutshell, the lyrics kind of describe the love that our mothers show us, and that sometimes when we are young, we might not fully appreciate everything that they have done for us. So the song was basically written as a tribute to mothers around the world.
And finally with regard to why this song has a special meaning for me, well it’s mainly because this was one of the songs I used to listen to a lot when I first spent a long time away from home, which was when I did some volunteer work teaching at some schools in Fujian Province. So now, whenever I listen to this song, it always brings back good memories of my time in Fujian.
As well as this, one other thing that makes the song especially meaningful to me is that it's helped mereflect on all the things that my mother has done for me. So in this respect, the song has had a really strong effect on me, and I never get tired of listening to it.
So yeah, I guess that’s pretty much it. Thanks for listening.

### Notes:
- In a nutshell - to put it simply
- Lyrics - 歌词
- Tribute - 致敬
- Reflect on - 仔细想、回忆
## My Answer

