# 01 新题

本部分收集了1月份变题季之后出现的新题。

### [Mirror  (新题)](#mirror)
### [Robots (新题)](#robots)
### [Dreams (新题)](#dreams) 
### [Bring things (新题)](#bring-things)
### [Watches (新题)](#watches)
### [Holidays (新题)](#holidays)
### [Neighbors (新题)](#neighbors)
### [Housework (新题)](#housework)
### Friends (新题)
### Bags (新题)
### Shoes (新题)
### TV programs  (新题)
### Indoor activities  (新题)
### Toy  (新题)
### Video games  (新题)
### Music/ musical instruments  (新题)
### Chocolates
### Visitors 
### Transportation 
### Teachers 
### Celebrity 
### Family 
### Photographs 
### Painting /drawing 
### Handcrafts 
### Birthday 
### Art 
### Handwriting 
### Hats  
### Sunny days  
### Noise 
### Bus or taxi 
### Reading 
### computer
### Newspaper and magazine 
### Flowers 
### Gift 
### Social network 
### Dancing 
### Museums and art galleries 

---------------

### Mirror
- Have you ever bought a mirror?
    * Yes, I had bought a dress mirror for my living room. It's a really big rectangle mirror with a wooden frame, and I placed it near the entrance door.
- How often do you look at yourself into a mirror?
    * To be honestly, I look at myself into a mirror everyday. But I'm not a narcissistic. Most of the times, I look at mirror for shaving. Therefore, in some occations, when I feel unhappy or depressed, I will look at a mirror and talk to myself, you are not the only one, nor the first time facing this problem, be brave, just move, you will solve it and you can solve it, yes you can, yes I can. It would make me feel happy and motivated again.
- Would you use mirrors to decorate rooms?
    * sure. The flat that I current live in is used a big mirror as a wall in my daughter's playing room, when my daughter practiced dance movements, she could see her movements through the mirror.
- Do you often buy mirrors?
    * No, I don't. Because a mirror is durable and doesn't need to purchased frequently. Unless a mirror is broken and needs to be replaced with a new one.
- Where do you put mirrors?
    * Usually, I would like to put mirrors in bathroom and living room, and I have installed a mirror right beside the entrance door as well, hence I can check my outfit before I go out.
- Do you think mirrors are a necessary decoration?
    * Yes, mirror is one of the most usages decoration materials, and almost all modern designs will use plenty of mirrors in various places. 

### Robots
- Do you use a robot when you were a child?
    * When I was a child, I didn't own a robot. I believe that at that time, no one in China could have a robot.
- Do you know anything about robots?
    * There are many sorts of robots, such as industrial robots, android, drone, personal service robot. And from the outlooking, an android has a human shape, a drone is a type of remote control aircraft carris cameras. All robots have AI, which makes them think or act like a humanbeing. 
- Will robots change our society significantly? 
    * Yes, they will. They are changing our society now. For example, 5 years ago, people had to rent a plane or helicopter when they want to do aerial photography, which costs were very expensive, so only news companies or very rich people could afford that cost. But in recent 2 years, everyone can buy a drone to perform aerial photography. A drone is far cheap than rent a helicopter.

- Do you like robots movies?
    * Sure. I am a big fun of robots movies. Such as I, Robot , Star Wars, the Terminator series films are all my favorite movies, and sometime when I was watching them, I wandering if I could have a R2D2 or a C3PO, they can help me do many things, but the most I desire to own is the android robot, which is in I. Robot.
### Dreams
- Do you remember your dream when you wake up?
- Have you ever had a bad dream before?
- What do you usually dream about?
### Bring things
- What will you bring when you go out?
- Will you bring different things in the daytime or at night?
- Do you ever forget to bring things?
### Watches
- Did you receive a watch as a gift when you were a child?
- Do you like to wear watches?
- How often do you wear a watch?
- Do you think watches should be expensive?
### Neighbors
- How is your neighbor?
- How to improve the relationship between neighbors?
### Holidays
- What you usually do in holidays?
- Do you like longer holidays or shorter?
### Housework
- Do you do housework at home?
- Do you think men and women should share housework?
- What kinds of housework do you dislike to do?
- Did you help your parents do housework when you were young?


## Dream

- Q: Do you remember your dream when you wake up?
    - A: When I wake up, sometimes I can clearly remember the contents of the dream, while some other times I can only remember that I did a dream but the contents completely erased from my memory.
- Q: Do you like hearing others' dreams?
    - A: Yes, I would like to hear others' dreams if they did weird or interesting dreams. Especially when the contents of the dream are relevant to reality or exactly the opposite.
- Q: Do you think dream will affect life?
    - A: Yes, I think so. Plenty of great inspiration comes from the inspiration of dreams. For example, the former Soviet scientist Mendeleev discovered the periodic table of elements was due to his dream of a snake connecting its head to its tail.
- Q: Do you want to learn more about dreams?
    - A: Sure. If I had plenty of spare time, I would learn more about the dreams by reading the psychology books.

## Toy

- Q: What was your favorite toy in childhood?
    - A: As far as I can recall my favourite toy was a set of building blocks with 200 pieces. I can build various objects with it, even a house. I learned about space cognition by playing building blocks.

- Q: Should parents buy many toys to their children?
    - A: In my opinion parents should buy various of toys to their children. Because toys are more than just fun and games for kids.  Most toys provide at least some opportunity for children to learn. The best toys engage a child’s senses, spark their imaginations and encourage them to interact with others.

- Q: What are the benefits of children playing toys?
    - A: Children can learn a lot from playing.  When you give your child educational toys and play with them with her, it gives her a chance to bond with you, learn, and have fun at the same time.  And making education enjoyable will help your child retain the things she learns and develop a positive attitude toward learning.

- Q: What are the disadvantages of children playing toys?
    - A: Disadvantages? None! Unless children are playing with toys that have small pieces that could become dislodged and become a choking hazard. Toys help build motor skills, imagination, social skills (when played with others), and problem-solving (depending on its complexity).

## Mirror

- Q: Do you often look in the mirror?
    - Yes, I look in the mirror every day when I washing my face and shaving, and check my outfit before I go out as well. 
- Q: Do you often buy mirrors?
    - No, I don't. Because a mirror is durable and doesn't need to purchased frequently. Unless a mirror is broken and needs to be replaced with a new one.
- Q: Where do you put mirrors?
    - A: Usually, I would like to put mirrors in bathroom and living room, and I have installed a mirror right beside the entrance door as well, hence I can check my outfit before I go out.
- Q: Do you think mirrors are a necessary decoration?
    - A: Yes, mirror is one of the most usages decoration materials, and almost all modern designs will use plenty of mirrors in various places. 

## Robots

- Q: Are you interested in robots? Why?
    - A: Sure, I like robots very much. Because robots can do many things that human beings can't do. Even in a hazard environment such as nuclear power station, robots can take over the dangerous work from mankind.
- Q: Do you like robots to work at your home?
    - A: Yes, I have bought a sweeping robot in my home to help me clean the floor when I am out. 
- Q: Do you want to take a car which robot is the driver?
    - A: Absolutely yes, if I could have a robot like the one in the film "I, Robot", I'd prefer to enjoy the ride without worry about any traffic accident and avoid the behaviours which breaking the traffic law.
- Q: Will robots replace human beings in the workplace completely?
    - A: In my opinion, robots can only take over the labour works rather than the creative and innovation works. Despite the rapid development of artificial intelligence in recent years, it is too early for the robot to replace mankind in its entirety.

## Bags
1. Do you like bags?

    - Bag is not really must-have item to me. I just use a backpack due to its convenience. Probably I’ll spend some time getting to know more about bags later on.

Vocabulary

Get to know (phrase) to start to be familiar with someone or something

Later on (phrase) in the future, or after the time already mentioned

2. What types of bags do you like?

    - I’m not a big fan of this item so the only bag I use from time to time is the backpack. I love backpack because I tend to put a lot of heavy stuff inside such as my laptop, my water bottles,   etc. whenever I get outdoors. It’s the long-term convenience that makes high-quality backpacks worth my money.

3. Do you usually carry a bag (when you go out)?

    - As aforementioned I carry my backpack all the time, when I go to school or hang out with friends. Although it may not give me a fashionable look, I think comfort and convenience is the top priority to me.

Vocabulary

To give a fashionable look (v) to look fashionable with Sth

4. Do you have different bags for different occasions (or, different purposes)?

    - Well I must say that at present I have no idea about different types of bags or that sort of things. And it also costs me an arm and a leg if I ever want to become a bag collector with, say, twenty different bags for different occasions. However, I do have one fashionable small satchel for special occasions. I’m also kind of afraid that wearing heavy bags all the time will somehow affect my spine and my shoulders.

Vocabulary

All the time (idiom) repeatedly; habitually

Spine (n) a series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the small of the back, enclosing the spinal cord and providing support for the thorax and abdomen; the backbone

5. What do you put in these bags?

    - Well, when I go out or go to work, I usually put my laptop, cellphone, charger, basic beauty products like lipsticks, lotions , water bottle and probably a pair of earphones.  When I use the smaller backpack, I tend to leave everything at home but my makeup kit and water bottles.

6. What sorts of bags do women like to buy?

    - I think every women regardless of age, occupation, tastes, needs, etc has at least one backpack with them. As I’ve already explained about its convenience, backpack is ideal for everyday life. However, the top favorite bag would be the well-designed handbag.

## Shoes

- What kind of shoes do you usually wear?
    - I usually wear a pair of loafers as workdays which can make me feel comfortable, while at weekends I'd like to ware a pair of gym sneakers , so I can do some sports or execises. But in some particular occations, for example, meeting customers or attending business meetings, I must suit up and ware a pair of suit shoes.

- Do you have a favourite pair of shoes?
    - Yes, I have a pair of baskball shoes of Jordan 10 anniversary. It has cost about 1,000 RMB, when I bought it from Nike Store. I love the shoes very much, although I am not good at playing basketball, since I am a big fan of Micheal Jordan, and his spirit always inspring me.

- How often do you buy shoes?
    - Usually, I buy shoes 1-2 times a year. Especially on some discount or promiton festival, such as 11th, November which is the Chinese version of Black Firday, and New Year festival. usually, i can get more than 50% off at the big discount festival, so I always by stuff including shoes at that time.

- Where do you usually buy your shoes?
    - At past, I bought my shoes in phycial stores, such as department store and shopping mall. But, nowadays I buy shoes online. The most frquence online shop website I used is taobao.com. I can buy almost everything on it with a cheaper price than the physicial store. 

- What do you look for in a pair of shoes?

- Would you ever spend a lot of money on a pair of shoes?
    - I will never do that. Because, in my option, the main function of shoes is let us walk safty and comfortable, a good comfort pair of shoes tend to be expensive, but I won't spend too much money on them.

- Do you think the type of shoes someone wears reflects their character?
    - Yes, I do. I know some people who are not very rich but ware expensive shoes. They only want to hear others say waooo, your shoes are vary beautiful, you must be very rich. But in my opinion, they are just show-offs.

- Do you think men and women have the same attitude towards shoes?
    - No, Men may reagrd shoes as a symble of wealth and social status, but for women, the situation is more complicatied than men. Women like shoes just as men like cars. Some people prefer comfort, some people persue fashion, while others like to show-off.
- Are there any shoes in your country that shouldn’t be worn at work?
    - Sandous and flip-flops, absoluty, are not allowed in working place, unless working in public bathrooms or working as a lifeguard on beachs.
- Do people usually wear different types of shoes in different seasons in your country?
    - Yes, most of the areas of our country have 4 distinct seasons. For example, in north of China, the tempture may go up to 30 degree in summer, while it alse can down to 22 degree below zero. As a result, people have to ware different types of shoes in different seasons.
