# 20170304 口语高频

## a way to save money
making coffee at home
## a small business that you would like to own
open a cafe, staffed with all the books I like.
## A website you like to visit 
Ok right then, well (好的，那么) the website I’d like to talk to you about is taobao dot com, which you must (well) have heard of before, and possibly even been on (你可能听说过，也可能上过).

## wild animal 
penguins

## an interesting thing you did recently
diving at the Great Barrier Reefs
## an interesting advertisement
coffee machine ／ Great Barrier Reef
## an area of science 科学领域？

## a place where you relaxed
a cafe

##  a piece of equipment at your home
coffee machine

----
I’d like to talk about the decorative fish tank in our living room, which is a gift I gave to my dad on his 50th birthday.
And it’s the first thing you see when you step intomy place.

He has always been fascinated with fishes, but since my mom bought me a cat, he just had to … 
you know, give up that interest, ‘cause those two creatures are not designed to live under the same roof.

Anyway, it’s been a long time now, and my cat is getting old, I mean, he won’t jump around and chase moving stuff any more, so I thought it would be a good time for my dad to pick up the old hobby. 

So I just went ahead and bought him a huge fish tank where he could keep as many fishes as he wants.

My dad was thrilled when he saw the gift. We placed it in our living room, and the best thing about it is that it’s not only a fish tank, but can also serve as a coffee table. 

It’s about this long (body language这个时候派上用场了，拿手比划), and it’s adorned with precious stones. 

This tank has become my father’s favorite item in our home and he bought quite a few expensive tropical fish.

There are light bulbs on top of the tank, and when it’s getting dark, my dad likes to turn them on, and the whole living room would be lit up with the warm, soft light. 

So I have to say, it’s a great decoration.

And the fish tank is an advanced one. 
I mean, it’s equipped with a self-cleaning system that could filter the waste automatically. 
So the water is always crystal clear.

And the “view” (body language又出场了，请拿手指打引号) in the tank is gorgeous.
I mean, if you look closer, it’s just like a real underwater world. It has seaweed, coral reefs, shells, everything you are supposed to see in the ocean.

So both of my dad and my mom are pretty satisfied with this gift.