1. Some people think teaching children different abilities together benefits everyone, others think intelligent children should be taught separately and given special treatment? Discuss both views and give your own opinion.(20160507)
    - 
2. New parent should attend parenting courses to bring up their children well. Do you agree or disagree? (20160528)
    - disagree
3. For school children, their teachers have more influence on their intelligence and social development than their parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?(20151107B)
    - partly agree with this point
4. A huge amount of money goes towards children’s education. In some countries, the government pays some or all of the costs. Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?(20140222)
    - adv outweigh disadv
5. Teachers used to convey information, but now with wide resources of information, there is no role for teachers to play in modern education. Do you agree or disagree? (20080424)
    - disagree
6. Some people believe that studying in a college or university is the best way for
students to prepare for their future career. Others think they should leave school
as soon as possible to develop their career through work experience. (20130309)
    - discuss both views and give your own opinion
7. Some say the purpose of education is to prepare individuals to be useful to society. othes say the purpose of education is to achieve personal ambitions. discuss both views and give ur own opinion. (20140412)
    - dbo
8. Some people think a language should be taught in small class, others believe the number of people in class does not matter. Discuss both views and give your opinion. (20141204)
    - People have the deverse opinions about the number of people in a language class. some people believe that it is better for learning language in small class, while others aruge that any size of class will be fine.
    - P1: 
    - P2:
    - In my opinion, 
