# 道歉信

Your neighbours have recently written to you to complain about the noise from your house / flat.

Write a letter to your neighbours. In your letter

- explain the reasions for the noise
- apologise
- describe that action you will take


Dear James,

I was shocked when I received a letter from you, which said that the noise from my flat has been spoiling your evenings and causeing you some distress. I am really, really sorry about that. I have no idea that you would be able to hear so much, so I hope you will accept my apologise.

As you may have guessed, I am trying to fix my kichen sink in the evenings when I get home from work. Unfortunately it is all taking longer than expected and I have been in trouble with install the new sink proberly. This has meant a lot of banging and hammering.

As the kichen is still not fininshed, I have decided to call in a professional builder who will finish the work in next one or two days. He will work during the daytime hours, so you will not be distribed in the evenings again, I promise.

Sorry to have caused the problems.

## the template

Dear NNN,

[describe the background]. I am really, really sorry about that. I have no idea that [something releated to the matter that will going to be make apologise about], so I hope you will accept my apologise.

[make some story as the reason]. 

[describe what action will be taken]. [how to prevent it from happening again].

[another sorry sentence to finish the letter] e.g. Sorry to have caused the problems. (由于是邻居之间的非正式场合，可以出现这样不完整的句子结构以及缩写词等)

Nick