# 09 新题
[返回目录](README.md)

本部分收集了1月份变题季之后出现的新题。

## Dream

- Do you remember your dream when you wake up?

- Do you like hearing others' dreams?

- Do you think dream will affect life?

- Do you want to learn more about dreams?

## Toy

- What was your favorite toy in childhood?
    - A set of building blocks with 200 piecis. I can build various objects with it, even a house. I learned about space cognition by playing building blocks.

- Should parents buy many toys to their children?
    - In my opinion parents should buy various of toys to their children. Because toys are more than just fun and games for kids.  Most toys provide at least some opportunity for children to learn. The best toys engage a child’s senses, spark their imaginations and encourage them to interact with others.

- What are the benefits of children playing toys?
    - Children can learn a lot from playing.  When you give your child educational toys and play with them with her, it gives her a chance to bond with you, learn, and have fun at the same time.  And making education enjoyable will help your child retain the things she learns and develop a positive attitude toward learning.

- What are the disadvantages of children playing toys?
    - Disadvantages? None! Unless children are playing with toys that have small pieces that could become dislodged and become a choking hazard. Toys help build motor skills, imagination, social skills (when played with others), and problem-solving (depending on its complexity).

## Mirror

- Do you often look in the mirror?

- Do you often buy mirrors?

- Where do you put mirrors?

- Do you think mirrors are a necessary decoration?

## Robots

- Are you interested in robots? Why?

- Do you like robots to work at your home?

- Do you want to take a car which robot is the driver?

- Will robots replace human beings in the workplace completely?

