# 01 个人介绍

## 姓名相关

### 预热交流

* What's your name?
  - My name is Ma Jian.
* What's your full name?

* What's your surname / family name / lastname ?
  - My surname / family name / lastname is Ma.
* What's your given name / firstname ?
  - My given name / firstname is Jian.

* What does your Chinese name mean?
  - My family name is Ma, which stands for a horse. And my given name is Jian, which stands for a sword.
* Is there any special meaning in your name?
  - My grandma gave me the name, and she hope I will be as brave as knight, who riding a horse with a sword in hand.
* Have you ever changed your name? Why / Why not?
  - No. I never changed my name. I like my name, and I don't need to change it.

* Do you think Chinese people like to change their names? Why / Why not?
  - No, I don't think so. Most people use their name through whole life, because their names are good and don't need to be changed.
* In China, what kind of people like to change their names? Why / Why not?
  - As far as I know, the losers of life are tend to change their name, perhaps they thought their name lead to their failurs.
* What's the purpose in changing thier names?
  - They hope new name could bring them luck.

* Can I see your ID card?
  - Sure, here you are.

* Where do you come from?
    - I came from Fushun, a middle city locates in North East of China, Liaoning province. And I have lived in Shanghai for more than 15 years since I graduated from university.

### 工作还是学习

* Are you working or studying? 
    - I'm working as a computer engineer in a Information Technology Company, which provides a cloud computing based Human Resource Solution online. 

* What are you in charge of? / What's your job? / Where do you work?
    - As my job title is CTO, my responsibility includes the followings: 
        - Manages all aspects of one or more small to medium projects concurrently from initiation through closure.
        - Identifies critical path decisions, makes recommendations and influences program leaders and business process owners to maximize project payback.
        - Manages daily activities, issue resolution and communication across project execution teams in order to deliver projects on-time, on-budget, as-requested by both internal and external customers.

* What about you like or dislike your job?
    - I like my job very much, although sometimes I have to work overtime. My job makes me feel confidence and archievements.

* Have you ever changed you job?
    - I have changed 4 jobs in my career since I have worked for more than 15 years. The current job is the longest in my career, for about 5 years.

* Would you in future change your future job?
    - Maybe, you know, IT field is the fastest growing industry in recent years, and every day or even every hour there are new technologies and products released. If the current job cannot help me keep up with th trend of Technological development, I will consider change the job.

* Can you describe your typical working day?
    - My typical working day starts at 9 am and end at 6 pm. The first task when I walk into  my office is checking the health report about all systems that our company runs. And then deal some email, while I am dealing emails, I have to check my teams work plan and deliveries. After lunch, we usually call a meeting to discuss the problems we have encountered, and try to find the solutions. That's a glance of my daily routine. 

### hometown
Where are you from?

I was born at a city of north-east China. I came to Shanghai at my 24, and live in Shanghai for more than 15 years. I know more about Shanghai than the city where I was born.

Please talk about your hometown?

As far as I can remember, my hometown, a typical heavy insturial city, is located in Liaoning Peovince. It has plenty of factories, such as steel factories, petro factories, cemente factories, ect. And also it has rich natrual resources, such as forest, mines, ect. furthermore, it is LeiFeng's 2nd hometown, who was the most popular idole in China.

